Give me a minute
If my grades are summoned to dragon singing
I'll let you go. Okay.
Today I will let you die convinced
If you are really wronged
I will clear your wrongs today
Otherwise you and your father
You have to whip 50 in front of your ancestors.
Go
Don't worry.
I didn't carve anything and I wasn't taken care of
My grades must be better than Zhao Wanglong
Today I will definitely honor my ancestors
Wash away ten years of humiliation with you
Daming, don't worry.
Your daughter's grades will definitely be better than that Zhao Wanglong
Ok I believe
Hmph, when is it still beating you?
Yeah hopeless
Olympic women's weightlifting
10th place French Maria 330 kg
3rd place Fusang Bear Valley plums 370kg
2nd place Sadako Fuso Chiba 400kg
The first place Rongguo Zhao Ruolan